README.md, before:

# Explainability_of_Process_Prediction


---

## ⚙️ Setup Instructions

```bash
# 1. Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/INSM-TUM-Teaching/Explainability_of_Process_Prediction.git
cd Explainability_of_Process_Prediction

# 2. Create and activate a virtual environment
python -m venv venv_bpm
source venv_bpm/bin/activate    # On Windows: venv_bpm\Scripts\activate

# 3. Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt



Directory Structure

Explainability_of_Process_Prediction/
├── BPI_Models/ # Folder containing all event log data and models
│ ├── BPI_logs_csv/ # Original BPI event logs in CSV format
│ ├── BPI_logs_preprocessed_csv/ # Cleaned/preprocessed CSV logs
│ ├── BPI_logs_preprocessed_xes/ # Cleaned/preprocessed XES format
│ ├── BPI_logs_xes/ # Original logs in XES format
│ ├── prediction_models/ # Trained prediction models (Transformers, GNNs)
│ ├── process_models/ # Process models discovered from event logs
│ 
├── venv_bpm/ # Python virtual environment (dependencies)
│
├── .gitignore # Git ignore configuration
├── csv_to_xes.py # Script to convert CSV event logs to XES format
├── xes_to_csv.py # Script to convert XES logs to CSV format
├── preprocessor.py # Main preprocessing module for event logs
├── preprocessor_csv.py # Extended CSV-specific preprocessing module
├── process_model.py # Script for process model discovery and visualization
├── main.py # Entry point script for the BPM Research App
├── README.md # Project documentation
├── requirements.txt # Python package dependencies

Commit message:

Update README.md, Download available in drive for "BPI_Models" Folder

README.md, after:

# Explainability_of_Process_Prediction


---

## ⚙️ Setup Instructions

```bash
# 1. Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/INSM-TUM-Teaching/Explainability_of_Process_Prediction.git
cd Explainability_of_Process_Prediction

# 2. Create and activate a virtual environment
python -m venv venv_bpm
source venv_bpm/bin/activate    # On Windows: venv_bpm\Scripts\activate

# 3. Install dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt



Directory Structure

Explainability_of_Process_Prediction/
├── BPI_Models/ # Folder containing all event log data and models [download here - https://drive.google.com/file/d/16C8UgpmWlMOqtUYNMG3T63Vr8YhV5pSq/view?usp=sharing]
│ ├── BPI_logs_csv/ # Original BPI event logs in CSV format
│ ├── BPI_logs_preprocessed_csv/ # Cleaned/preprocessed CSV logs
│ ├── BPI_logs_preprocessed_xes/ # Cleaned/preprocessed XES format
│ ├── BPI_logs_xes/ # Original logs in XES format
│ ├── prediction_models/ # Trained prediction models (Transformers, GNNs)
│ ├── process_models/ # Process models discovered from event logs
│ 
├── venv_bpm/ # Python virtual environment (dependencies)
│
├── .gitignore # Git ignore configuration
├── csv_to_xes.py # Script to convert CSV event logs to XES format [NA]
├── xes_to_csv.py # Script to convert XES logs to CSV format 
├── preprocessor.py # Main preprocessing module for event logs [In Testing phase]
├── preprocessor_csv.py # Extended CSV-specific preprocessing module [NA]
├── process_model.py # Script for process model discovery and visualization
├── main.py # Entry point script for the BPM Research App
├── README.md # Project documentation
├── requirements.txt # Python package dependencies
